Oh
hi I'm Angie and today I'm making a
croque monsieur bake this is kind of a
French style ham and cheese sandwich
that's dipped in egg and this recipe is
convenient because you prepare it the
night before and you want to refrigerate
it overnight so this does take a little
bit of advanced planning but it's very
easy to do the first thing I've done is
preheated the oven to 350 degrees
because we're going to toast the bread
first I've got 12 slices of just regular
white bread this is square sandwich
bread I don't usually use this but for
this recipe that's what it's called for
so you just want to lay it out on your
baking sheet it's okay if it overlaps
we're gonna toast it and a preheated
oven for about 20 minutes turning it
over halfway through so I'll put this in
the oven for 20 minutes and then we'll
continue on with the recipe okay while
I'm waiting for the other side of the
bread to toast I'm just going to lightly
oil a 9 by 13 glass baking dish with
some vegetable oil and we're going to
layer the bread with ham and cheese and
then put an egg mixture over top and
then put it in a refrigerator for 8
hours or overnight okay and this
measuring cup I've got 8 large eggs that
I've cracked I'm going to whisk in 2
tablespoons of Dijon mustard and 2 cups
of 2% milk or half and half cream and a
teaspoon of salt just whisk that all
together and I'll set that aside
now in our 9 by 13 glass baking dish I'm
just going to layer 6 pieces of the
toast and you can kind of squish it in
if you have to that's pretty well and
I'll pour 1/3 of the egg mixture evenly
over top
now I'm going to layer it with some
cheese I'm going to use Swiss cheese
slices but you can use grated Swiss
cheese or shredded cheddar as well a lot
better cheddar for that piece and now
I've got about eight slices of thinly
sliced ham I'm just going to lay that
over too I'll just cut it into thirds
and now another cup of cheese so on top
of that now I'll be using the grated
cheddar and now I'll layer on the last
six slices of bread and you want to
press firmly down on the bread get it in
there and now I'm going to pour the
remaining egg mixture all over
and one more cup of cheese sprinkled on
top so now you just want to cover this
and refrigerate it for eight hours or
overnight after the eight hours when
you're ready to bake the dish we want to
take it out of the fridge and pre-heat
your oven to 350 degrees and you're
going to bake this in the lower third of
the oven you want to bake it uncovered
for about 45 minutes or until it's
golden on top so I'll wait eight hours
I'll bake it off and I'll show it to you
when it's done thanks for watching and I
hope you try some croque-monsieur baked
you